Add note about stream aggregation and load balancing (#6531)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/stream-aggregation.md

- By specifying the `staleness_interval` option at [stream aggregation config](#stream-aggregation-config), so it covers the expected
  delays in data ingestion pipelines. By default, the `staleness_interval` equals to `2 x interval`.

### Partial data aggregation

> Otherwise, if you see issues such as

Reviewer: Why it starts with `Otherwise` ?

Author: As a continuation of the previous paragraph "These issues can be fixed in the following ways"

> - unexpected spikes for [total](#total) and [increase](#increase) outputs, or

Reviewer: Please use absolute links

Author: How to do that? Is there something like Hugo's ref syntax? Or do you mean, FQDN and all?

- heatmaps for bucket metrics displayed as being all over the map, including impossible negative values,

> it might be that your vmagent is calculating totals for counters and buckets based on partial data, causing the values to jump higher and lower depending on which samples get aggregated. This easily happens if you use clustered VictoriaMetrics in kubernetes with multiple vmagent pods behind a load balancer which distributes incoming requests randomly across pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it might be that your vmagent is calculating totals for counters and buckets based on partial data, causing the values to jump higher and lower depending on which samples get aggregated. This easily happens if you use clustered VictoriaMetrics in kubernetes with multiple vmagent pods [behind a load balancer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/#put-aggregator-behind-load-balancer) which distributes incoming requests randomly across pods.
```

Possible solutions include:

- using a single vmagent pod for your cluster (simplest);

> - using multiple layers of vmagent so that all the metrics from one cluster or job (or other subdivision meaningful for your aggregations) go to the same vmagent pod before being load balanced;

Reviewer: Do you mean sharding by `multiple layers` ?

Author: I don't think so. I mean [Splitting data streams among multiple systems](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#splitting-data-streams-among-multiple-systems) with a vmagent layer remote-writing to another vmagent where all the metrics from the source would be processed on a single pod.

> - altering your load balancer so that the result is the same as above;

Reviewer: It's not clear what `... the same as above` means.

Author: What about "the same as in the previous two points"?

> - switching from a remote-writing model to a scraping model where all vmagent pods scrape all targets to get a full copy of the data to be aggregated.

Reviewer: By the way, with `-promscrape.cluster.shardByLabels` added in [v1.146.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md#v11460), it is possible to do sharded scraping and stream aggregation in a single vmagent layer. We should mention that.

Author: ```suggestion
- switching from a remote-writing model to a scraping model where all vmagent pods get a full copy of the data to be aggregated by scraping all targets (or always the same subset of targets through [-promscrape.cluster.shardByLabels](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/11114)).
```
